- [Narrator] Before we take a closer look at Spring Batch,
let's talk a bit about who the course is for,
and what information you should know ahead of time.
This course is primarily for Java developers
that want to gain hands-on experience with Spring Batch.
The lessons in the course will get you quickly
up to speed on how to use Spring Batch
for both simple and complex Batch processing jobs.
Software architects will also benefit from this course,
because it gives a good overview of the capabilities
within the framework so that you could apply them
when architecting new systems.
Also, if you are a COBOL developer looking
to convert Legacy Batch jobs to Java,
this is a great course for you.
To get the most out of this course,
you should have some experience with Java.
You do not need to be an expert,
but this course shouldn't be your
first exposure to the language.
Additionally, you should be comfortable
with the Spring Framework,
since Springs Batch is built on top of it.
If you understand the basics of Spring applications,
you shouldn't have any problems
completing the lessons in the course.
If you're not familiar with Java or Spring,
you may want to take a course or two
on those topics within the LinkedIn learning platform
before completing this course.
Finally, you should have a general understanding
of relational databases, or flat files,
since we'll be moving data to and from these data stores.
During this course, we'll be using several technologies
that need to be installed on your work station.
Of course we'll need Java.
I've created every lesson using Java 11,
so you will want to download and install JDK 11.
I use Eclipse for my day to day development,
and in the course.
However, you can use the IDE of your preference.
If you go that route, make sure you're very comfortable
with that IDE, since you'll need to replicate my actions.
We'll need a database for the course,
so I've chosen MySQL.
In addition to the actual database,
we'll use the MySQL workbench to inspect the
data models used by Spring Batch.
Finally, feel free to use whatever operating system
you are comfortable with for the course.
I'll be using Linux Mint in a VM,
but any operating system will work
since the JVM is cross-platform.
In the exercise files, you will also find helpful materials
including both Batch and powershell scripts,
handouts that explain job flow,
and a data directory that contains seed data
for the lessons.
That's all you need to know about the course.
I'll guide you through the rest.